docs: data studio perms (#69203)
metabase/metabase: docs/people-and-groups/managing.md

It's important that your All Users group should never have _greater_ access for an item than a group for which you're trying to restrict access — otherwise the more permissive setting will win out. See [Setting permissions](../permissions/start.md).

#### Data analysts

{% include plans-blockquote.html feature="Data Analysts group" %}

You can add non-admins to the special **Data Analysts** group to give them access to [Data Studio](../data-studio/overview.md).

> In addition to access to Data Studio, people in the Data Analysts group will automatically get [Curate permissions](../permissions/collections.md#curate-access) for the [Library collection](../data-studio/library.md), and [Manage table metadata permissions](../permissions/data.md#manage-table-metadata-permissions) for _all_ tables in all databases in your instance. Other permissions will remain unchanged by default (so they will be based on any other groups that a person is a member of), although you can configure permissions for the Data Analyst group separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default (and you can't change this), the Data Analyst group gets:

- Access to [Data Studio](../data-studio/overview.md).
- [Curate permissions](../permissions/collections.md#curate-access) for the [Library collection](../data-studio/library.md)
-  [Manage table metadata permissions](../permissions/data.md#manage-table-metadata-permissions) for _all_ tables in all databases in your Metabase.

Other than the fixed access listed above, you can assign data, collection, and application permissions to the Data Analyst group as you would normally.
```

Easier to skim. Keeps the focus on groups, not people.
